
Dear WAI Interest Group,

W3C WAI invites you to comment on the First Public Working Draft of:
              [Collaboration Tools Accessibility User Requirements](https://www.w3.org/TR/ctaur/).

# Overview
*Collaboration Tools Accessibility User Requirements* addresses features and capabilities unique to interactive, collaborative, content creation and editing applications. These facilities include real-time co-editing, revision tracking, and in-line comments. Modern, Web-based word processors provide typical examples of such features, but the scope of this document is broader. The accessibility-related issues raised by these capabilities are not directly addressed elsewhere in W3C's guidance.

For more information, see the blog:
                                       @@blog title
                                               [126]https://www.w3.org/blog@@

In-progress updates to the document are available in the Editors' Draft at:
<https://w3c.github.io/ctaur/>

## For review
Comments on all aspects of the document are of interest. However, it would be particularly useful at this stage to identify user needs and issues that have not been addressed in this early draft. Much of the related research literature focuses on the needs of screen reader users, and this emphasis is currently reflected in the document.  The Learning and Cognitive Disabilities Accessibility Task Force is currently compiling comments in parallel with the public review.

# Comments
To comment, please open a new issue in the *Collaboration Tools Accessibility User Requirements* GitHub repository:
<https://github.com/w3c/ctaur/issues/new>.
                                                                                            Please create separate GitHub issues for each topic, rather than commenting on multiple topics in a single issue.

If it's not feasible for you to use GitHub, send comments in e-mail to: <public-apa@w3.org>. Please:
                                                                                                    * put your comments in the body of the message, not as an attachment0
                                                                                                         * start your e-mail subject line with: [CTAUR]

                                                                                                            Please send comments by *Friday 30 December 2022*.

                                                                                                               Share:
                                                                                                                  We encourage you to share this information and include @w3c_wai, @w3c, #accessibility, #a11y, @@
                                                                                                                     Here's tweet you can use: @@link[people drafting announcements: this is NOT the text itself -- put draft text in the Tweet section below!]

                                                                                                                        Regards,
                                                                                                                           Name of sender], role, for:
                                                                                                                              Scott Hollier and Jason White, Task Force Facilitators.
                                                                                                                                 Janina Sajka and Matthew Atkinson, APA Working Group Co-Chairs
                                                                                                                                    Name, W3C Staff Contact for APA Working Group

