WAI News:
FOR REVIEW: Collaboration Tool Accessibility user Requirements First
Public Working Draft

The Accessible Platform Architectures (APA) Research Questions Task Force (RQTF) welcomes feedback on the First Public Working Draft of the Collaboration  Tool Accessibility User Requirements.


The purpose of this Note is to outline various accessibility-related user needs, requirements and scenarios for collaboration tools.



Functions of collaborative tools include  real-time editing of content by multiple authors, the use of comments or annotations, and revision control. Examples of collaborative tools include a Web-based text editor or word processor offering these functions.



The accessibility-related user needs and corresponding requirements

may be implemented in the collaboration tool itself, or elsewhere, for example in an assistive technology such as a screen reader.



The solutions identified in this Note are intended to influence the
evolution of future accessibility guidelines, technical
specifications, or features of collaboration tools and assistive
technologies. They are relevant to software developers who
contribute to any of these aspects of the collaborative experience



For in-progress updates to the document, see the Editors' Draft at:
https://raw.githack.com/w3c/ctaur/FPWD-2022/index.html



To comment, please use one of the following methods:

  *   By GitHub:  please open a new issue in the APA GitHub repository: https://github.com/w3c/apa/issues/new Please add the label CTAUR. Create separate GitHub issues for each topic, rather than commenting on multiple topics in a single issue.
  *   By email: , Please send comments in e-mail to public-apa@w3.org<mailto:public-apa@w3.org>. Ensure that your comments are itemised into single issues.



Please send comments by  Friday 30 December 2022*.

   Heading: @@

      Heading based on document stage:
           * FPWD (spec or note) -- First Public Working Draft: Spec 1.1
                * Updated WD (spec or note) -- Call for Review: Spec 1.1 Working Draft
                     * Wide Review (spec or note) -- For Wide Review: Spec 1.1 Working Draft
                          * CR -- W3C Invites Implementations of Spec 1.1
                               * CR revised with substantive changes -- Updated Candidate Recommendation for Spec 1.1
                                    * PR -- Call for Review: Spec 1.1 is a W3C Proposed Recommendation
                                         * REC -- Spec 1.1 is a W3C Recommendation
                                              * Notes (done) -- Topic Note Published
                                                   * Workshop -- Upcoming: W3C Workshop on Topic
                                                        * non-TR doc -- New Resource: Cool Document

                                                           Template for body text:

                                                              The XYZ Working Group ([131]XWG) has published a First Public Working Draft of [132]Spec. Couple-few sentences about it. Comments are welcome through 00 Month 2019.


